Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, we're going to do an..
"Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response"
Also known as ASMR!
I plan to make everyone experience it personally!
Simply said..
It's a phenomenon of making your brain tremble..
Like being immersed in a film and it feels good..
It's like as if your brain is melting, right?
Rather than explaining it, let's try listening to it!
Everyone..
Are you ready to put on your earphones and headphones?
Please make sure to put them on!
Let's not wait anymore, let's go!
*Sounds of pencil writing*
*Sound of crumpling papers*
*Sounds of ripping paper*
*Virtual ear cleaning*
Welcome back~!
Good work today as usual!
Eh?
Somehow, you look very tired, right?
Ah!
It's true
Let's do a virtual ear cleaning~
The right ear and...
The left one..
Which one do you prefer?
Do you prefer this one?
Wah!?
You have an incredible virus!
In this case..
I'll start with the left ear, yes?
*Sounds of ear cleaning*
How was it?
Does it... hurt?
Good..
Then, I'll continue..
*Sounds of ear cleaning*
You've worked hard at your job again today~
Good job! Good job!
*Sounds of ear cleaning*
What do you think?
Is it clean now?
Hmm..
Then...
Next up is the right one, alright?
*Sounds of ear cleaning*
Oh!
This looks wonderful!
It's cleaned up well~
*Sounds of ear cleaning*
Hmm~
You know..
I was thinking about playing games together after you came back~
So I made some preparations~
Let's play together after this, alright?
*Sound of ear cleaning*
*Sounds of ear cleaning and music box*
Good!
What do you think?
It's cleaned now~
Ja, jaan!
Hmm..
Huh?
Eh? I finished...
Hmm?
Eh?
Are you...
Are you.. sleeping?
Hmm...
..Goodnight
Translated by 963852, Lacrymac and Pav